[event-hubs] Updating readme and samples to accomodate interface changes (#6353)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/README.md

### Authenticate the client

Interaction with Event Hubs starts with either an instance of the 

> [EventHubConsumerClient](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubconsumerclient.html) class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[EventHubConsumerClient](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/event-hubs/eventhubconsumerclient) class
```

> or an instance of the [EventHubProducerClient](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubproducerclient.html) class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or an instance of the [EventHubProducerClient](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/event-hubs/eventhubproducerclient) class. 
```

You may publish events to a specific partition, or allow the Event Hubs service to decide which partition events should be published to. It is recommended to use automatic routing when the publishing of events needs to be highly available or when event data should be distributed evenly among the partitions. In the example below, we will take advantage of automatic routing.

> - Create an `EventDataBatch` object using the [createBatch](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubproducer.html#createbatch) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an `EventDataBatch` object using the [createBatch](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/event-hubs/eventhubproducerclient#createbatch-createbatchoptions-) 
```

> - Add events to the batch using the [tryAdd](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventdatabatch.html#tryadd)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add events to the batch using the [tryAdd](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/event-hubs/eventdatabatch#tryadd-eventdata--tryaddoptions-)
```

method. You can do this until the maximum batch size limit is reached or until you are done adding the number of events you liked, whichever comes first. This method would return `false` to indicate that no more events can be added to the batch due to the max batch size being reached.

> - Send the batch of events using the [sendBatch](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubproducerclient.html#sendbatch) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send the batch of events using the [sendBatch](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/event-hubs/eventhubproducerclient#sendbatch-eventdatabatch--sendbatchoptions-) method.
```

### Consume events from an Event Hub

To consume events from an Event Hub instance, you also need to know which consumer group you want to target. 

> Once you know this, you are ready to create an [EventHubConsumerClient](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubconsumerclient.html). While the below example shows one way to create the client, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you know this, you are ready to create an [EventHubConsumerClient](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/event-hubs/eventhubconsumerclient). While the below example shows one way to create the client, see the
```

[Authenticate the client](#authenticate-the-client) section to learn other ways to instantiate the client.

> The [subscribe](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubconsumerclient.html#subscribe)

Reviewer: We will have to remove this link for now as there is no corresponding link in docs.microsoft.com and for some reason, the github.io docs have not been updated either

method on the client has 3 overloads to cater to the 3 ways you can consume events.

- [Consume events in a single process](consume-events-in-a-single-process)
- [Consume events with load balanced across multiple processes](consume-events-with-load-balanced-across-multiple-processes)
- [Consume events from a single partition](consume-events-from-a-single-partition)

> The `subscribe` method takes an optional parameter of type [SubscriptionOptions](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/interfaces/subscriptionoptions.html) which you can use to specify options like the maxBatchSize (number of events to wait for) and maxWaitTimeInSeconds (amount of time to wait for maxBatchSize events to arrive).

Reviewer: Lets remove the link to `SubscriptionOptions` here for the same reason as https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/6353/files#r351551937

#### Consume events in a single process

Begin by creating an instance of the `EventHubConsumerClient`, and then call the `subscribe()` method on it to start
consuming events.

> The [subscribe](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubconsumerclient.html#subscribe) 

Reviewer: Lets remove the link to `subscribe` here for the same reason as https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/6353/files#r351551937

Azure Event Hubs is capable of dealing with millions of events per second. 
To scale your processing application, you can run multiple instances of your application and have it balance the load among themselves.

Begin by creating an instance of the `EventHubConsumerClient` using one of the
constructor overloads that take a `CheckpointStore`, and then call the `subscribe()` 
method to start consuming events. The checkpoint store will enable the subscribers 
within a consumer group to coordinate the processing between multiple instances 
of your application.

In this example, we will use the `BlobCheckpointStore` from the `@azure/eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob` package
which implements the required read/writes to a durable store by using Azure Blob Storage.

> The [subscribe](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubconsumerclient.html#subscribe) 

Reviewer: Lets remove the link to `subscribe` here for the same reason as https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/6353/files#r351551937

```javascript
const { EventHubConsumerClient } = require("@azure/event-hubs");
const { ContainerClient } = require("@azure/storage-blob");
const { BlobCheckpointStore } = require("@azure/eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob");

async function main() {
  const consumerClient = new EventHubConsumerClient("my-consumer-group", "connectionString", "eventHubName");
  const blobContainerClient = new ContainerClient("storage-connection-string", "container-name");
  await blobContainerClient.create(); // This can be skipped if the container already exists

>   const partitionManager =  new BlobCheckpointStore(blobContainerClient);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  const checkpointStore=  new BlobCheckpointStore(blobContainerClient);
```

Author: Had to fix even more than that because this one was also using the wrong constructor and still passing the partition manager to subscribe.

>   const subscription = consumerClient.subscribe(partitionManager, {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  const subscription = consumerClient.subscribe(checkpointStore, {
```

In the below example, we are using the first partition.

> The [subscribe](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-event-hubs/5.0.0-preview.7/classes/eventhubconsumerclient.html#subscribe) 

Reviewer: Lets remove the link to `subscribe` here for the same reason as https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/6353/files#r351551937
